project: cbook
code: http://github.com/schuyler1d/cbook/
author: Schuyler Duveen (sky@skyb.us)
license: GPLv3 or higher

Description:
Cbook is a means for encrypting/decrypting messages over social networks like
Facebook and Twitter with the goal to keep your hosting social network in the
dark about everything you say.  Thus, you do not depend on them for keeping
your private things private.  Decryption information is maintained in your browser 
(so only use this on computers/devices you own)

Security Description
---------------------
* Your keys and your friends' keys are stored in your browser.
* They are NOT stored on the host where you copy the bookmark.
  (though, even though the current code makes it difficult some
  evil changes to it, would allow someone to copy the keys.
  This security issue is solved if you use the page on your local
  computer.
  In the future, a browser plugin and possibly some other checks
  will make it easier

User Description
---------------------
Currently supporting Firefox and Google Chrome:

1. install the ./client directory somewhere on the web (if you are using Google Chrome, you can install it on your harddrive), and point your webbrowser there.

2. Click to "Generate Key" and create a personal key with your 'Alias' 
(your name is fine, or a web handle).  You will share
this key with your friends, and then encrypt messages with it.  If they want
to encrypt a message to YOUR friends (e.g. when replying to one of your posts), 
they will also use this key.  It does NOT prove that the message comes from you.

Add the cbook bookmarklet by dragging it onto your browser bookmarks toolbar.

3. To share your key with your friends, click Share:
   3a. Enter a passphrase (the longer the better--maybe a favoriate quote)
   3b. Select your key from the menu
   3c. Click "Create secure share info"
   3d. send your friend:
       i. the long text string in the text box
       ii. a link to your website's copy of cbook
           OR to cbook, so they can download and install it themselves.
       iii. Through a DIFFERENT CHANNEL (i.e. not the same social network,
            maybe the phone, in person, or an email)
	    communicate to them the passphrase

4. To load in a friend's private key into your browser
   3a. Copy the encrypted text on your clipboard
   3b. visit your cbook page and click 'restore/load'
   3c. paste the encrypted text into your clipboard and
       type n the passphrase.  then click "Restore from backup text"

5. To decrypt messages, when visiting a webpage that has messages,
   run the cbook bookmarklet

6. If you're about to give up your computer to someone else, and you don't
   want them to have access to your cbook keys, then you can delete them.
   6a. First click backup from your cbook page
   6b. Copy the text area result to someplace private.
   6c. Then click the "Delete All Keys from Browser"

Technical Description
---------------------
Using symmetric AES 128-bit keys we encrypt/decrypt messages.
The justifications for using symmetric AES128bit instead of public-key crypto are:
1. Symmetric keys means that we do not have to send a message per-friend
2. Public-key crypto is not available client-side on the browser (hopefully, this 
   will change)
3. The minimum block-size for public-key encrypted text will not fit in a Tweet.
4. In the future, people can share their symmetric key over a public-key-encrypted
message, which will remove the hacky issues of the pass-phrase 
multi-band dependency
5. Symmetric keys actually makes it easier to recover from someone 'losing' their
   key(s).  This way they can recover by asking their friends for a copy of their
   key back.
6. This presumes that authentication/authorization is done by the social
   network platform.

Messages are identified with a regex starting with the unicode crown.
Encrypted text is sent on an iframe's src's url hash.
Thus:
	1. Due to browser security domains, the current site will not be able
	to read the decrypted strings
	2. Since it's on the hash, it's not sent to the hosting server 
	   and cannot appear in the logs.

